Add A-B lettered article stubs from glossary (#3488)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Blanket/en.md

---
tags:
  - wrapping
  - blanketing
---

# Blanket

> *Blanket*, is a term to describe when a sliderbody wraps around the shape of another object. Blanketing can be done in many ways to fit the visual style of a map. A guide to making them can be found [here](/wiki/Mapping_Techniques/Making_Good_Sliders#beat-blankets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Blanket**, is a term to describe when a [sliderbody](/wiki/Hit_object/Sliderbody) wraps around the shape of another object. Blanketing can be done in many ways to fit the visual style of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps). A guide to making them can be found in the [Mapping Techniques article](/wiki/Mapping_Techniques/Making_Good_Sliders#beat-blankets).
```

Reviewer: This stub needs more information
